# CS340ClientServerDev

### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
 - I think code organization is one of my strongest suits. When I first started my degree path at SNHU I had absolutely no programming experience and therefore had no habits for messy code, and have been learning to organize my code as I learn the rest which I think has been a great asset, especially for maintanence and readability. My commenting could use some work though. A lot of these projects are so short term that I don't really need comments for myself as I can generally either remember what code does what over the course of a couple weeks, or finish the assignments in one sitting, but over the course of many months or years if I go back and look I may not recognize my own code at all which can be problematic in certain situations. Being able to focus on OOP and organizing a controller that works with multiple other class files though, I'd like to think that I am fairly decent and it helps with projects like this where we needed to connect a python module with a MongoDB ipynb file.

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
 - Short answer, a lot of research and experimentation. To be honest, my goal here in this degree path was to learn how to build things so that I can continue building for fun. I enjoy the journey of the build more than the completed build itself and so things like having to researchg and expirement only make things more fun and engaging for me. It would get pretty boring if it was just the same thing over and over and over again. I look forward to all the challenges I have left with school and with projects I decide to start after.

### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
 - Technology is always advancing, there really is no stop to that. We has humans have an inherent drivee to invent and create and I think that is beautiful. Having said that technology is quickly advancing from building things with our hands to building things through technology, and usually in the name of convenience and comfort. We are going from manually shaping chunks of steel to 3d printing titanium which, is much more precise and is great (though there will always be a place for handcrafted goods). I think that computer scientists are at the base of all of this. Without them, the entire thing falls apart. It is computer scientists, whether amateur or professional, instructed or self-taught that are responsable for these advancements. I think that this kind of work suits me much better than woodworking and I look forward to being a part of the continued advancement.
